Noisy tables (#76)
GRAAL-Research/deepparse: README.md

| Belarus       |          88.77 |       93.00 | Kazakhstan    |          87.24 |       91.23 |
| Ireland       |          86.35 |       87.49 |

#### Noisy data
The following table presents the accuracy on the 20 countries we used during training for both our models but for noisy 

> and incomplete data. We didn't test on the other 41 countries since we did not train and results were even lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and incomplete data. We didn't test on the other 41 countries since we did not train on them and the results would most likely be even lower.
```

> > We are working on better model for noisy data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We are working on better models for noisy data which should be made available during January 2021. 
```
